remove pinned transformers version (#76)
ShopRunner/octopod: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) and this project uses [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

# [3.3.0] - 2022-11-07
  ### Changed

>   - removed pinned transformers library and changed the way that bert is loaded in the text and ensemble modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - removed pinned transformers and torch vision libraries and changed the way that bert is loaded in the text and ensemble modules
```
